Fix documentation on updating a managed nodegroup and the error message during updating (#5392)
weaveworks/eksctl: userdocs/src/usage/eks-managed-nodes.md

This feature is only available for managed nodes.

## Updating managed nodegroups

> `eksctl` allows updating the [UpdateConfig](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-properties-eks-nodegroup-updateconfig.html) section of a managed nodegroup.
> This section defines two fields. `MaxUnavailable` and `MaxUnavailablePercentage`. Your nodegroups are unaffected during
> the update, thus downtime shouldn't be expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is also possible to update specific fields of a managed nodegroup with the command `eksctl update nodegroup` without using `upgrade`.

`eksctl` allows updating the [UpdateConfig](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-properties-eks-nodegroup-updateconfig.html) section of a managed nodegroup.
This section defines two fields. `MaxUnavailable` and `MaxUnavailablePercentage`. Your nodegroups are unaffected during
the update, thus downtime shouldn't be expected.
```

Author: I strictly want to avoid using the `upgrade` here. That's why I removed it. It's cause for confusion. This is just a flow to `update` some values for a managed nodegroup. I would like to keep update and upgrade separate as much as possible to make it easier to parse what's going on here. /cc @nikimanoledaki

Reviewer: Fine with me, it was just a suggestion to include the original line but if it causes more confusion then lets remove it 👍🏻

The command `update nodegroup` should be used with a config file using the `--config-file` flag. The nodegroup should

> contain an `nodeGroup.updateConfig` section. More on the field can be found [here](https://eksctl.io/usage/schema/#nodeGroups-updateConfig).

Author: But that's the wrong section. I see that it collapses, but that's because it's an open value. `taints` is the wrong section whoever is reading that with a screen reader will have a hard time understanding why we link to taints for updateConfig. :)

> The command `update nodegroup` should be used with a config file using the `--config-file` flag. The nodegroup should
> contain an `nodeGroup.updateConfig` section. More on the field can be found [here](https://eksctl.io/usage/schema/#nodeGroups-updateConfig).

Reviewer: as per our discussion, i am updating my suggestion 👍🏻 
```suggestion
The command `update nodegroup` should be used with a config file using the `--config-file` flag. The nodegroup should
contain an `nodeGroup.updateConfig` section. More information can be found [here](https://eksctl.io/usage/schema/#nodeGroups-updateConfig).
```
